hi guys I'm going to show you how to use
cheat command for so you just hold alt
hold to one then you get this tab here
where you can write RF for example at
the moment we have neutrality 75% to
remove it and to any other countries you
just right now no neutral and you're no
longer need neutral see
you can't reverse that cheat you have a
couple more cheats you can find them
online or I can show you how to do them
here
you just type money I'll load capital
letters and you get one R and C money
enter one more grant for energy here
write energy you get six grand sound
grant we can add more officers here
at officers you get two more percent
they're very useful so I don't know you
can use production let's put some
brigades here not just
a couple of those maybe some ships now
for Yugoslavia you have very slow
industry only 17 and it's going to take
as you can see like three months to get
the first Brigade and almost a year for
a ship to be built so you you just right
in here
instant build press Enter okay I
misspelled something
let's go with instant
instant production see yeah it was not
instant build it was instant production
sorry so instant construction
construction is on as you can see
nothing has been built yet but you have
to wait one day pass then it's gonna be
built I believe see still not one day
okay come on maybe some other cheats so
first your neutrality you have no
neutrality for any resources just write
the name of the resources no but no
spaces just low low letters okay but
they have passed so you can see okay the
things I have materials for have been
built for those I don't have enough at
the production I need 70 start building
it so it it won't build it you know so I
got those I can just you know place it
here here well that's it hold alt to one
and that's that alt hold it hold to
number two on your taskbar and one thank
you for watching this video if you liked
it subscribe it and like the video
thank you